IOTO(1)                           User Commands                          IOTO(1)



NAME
       ioto- Embedded Device Agent

SYNOPSIS
       ioto [options]
       ioto [options]

       ioto
           --background
           --debug
           --home directory
           --profile profile
           --timeouts
           --trace file[:type:source]
           --verbose
           --version

DESCRIPTION
       Ioto is a compact device agent that includes an MQTT client, HTTP web
       server, HTTP client and integration with AWS IoT. It can run as a stand-
       alone as a device agent or the Ioto library can be embedded in
       applications.

       The Ioto web server supports HTTP/1.0, HTTP/1.1, TLS, user
       authentication, sessions, chunked transfers, file upload, and security
       limits.

       Ioto normally reads a set of JSON configuration files. It reads the
       config.json file for general configuration, the web.json for web server
       configuration, auth.json for authentication configuration, and state.json
       for persisted device state.

       Ioto can trace activities to a file that defaults to 'stdout'. This can
       be modified via the --trace command line option.

       The --trace option specifies a destination file for trace messages. This
       will override the trace property in the Ioto config.json file. The trace
       argument syntax is fileName[:types:sources]. The types are a comma
       separated list of message types. Valid types include: info, debug, error,
       and trace. Sources are the code module names originating the trace
       messages. You can use "all" for types and sources to match all
       types/sources. You can also use "!type" and "!source" to negate a type or
       source.

       Ioto responds to the SIGUSR2 signal and increases the trace level.

OPTIONS
       --background
              Run Ioto in the background and detach from the console.

       --debug
              Enable debug tracing. The -T option is an alias for --tracing.

       --home directory
              Change to the specified directory before running Ioto.

       --trace file[:types:sources]
              Name the Ioto trace file. The types are a comma separated list of
              message types. Valid types include: info, debug, error, and trace.
              Sources are the code module names originating the trace messages.
              You can use "all" for types and sources to match all
              types/sources. You can also use "!type" and "!source" to negate a
              type or source.

       --profile profile
              Select the operational profile. Defaults to "prod".

       --timeouts
              Run Ioto in debug mode and disable all timeouts. This disables
              request and session timeouts.

       --verbose
              Run with more verbose tracing.

       --version
              Output the product version number.

FILES
       /etc/ioto
       /var/www/ioto
       /usr/local/lib/ioto

REPORTING BUGS
       Report bugs to dev@embedthis.com.

COPYRIGHT
       Copyright (c) Embedthis Software.

SEE ALSO
       pass



ioto                                June 2022                            IOTO(1)
